Update indexer-batch.md regarding last code changes (#8618)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/indexer-batch.md

```

The batches size for `catalog_category_product`, `catalogpermissions_category`, `catalogpermissions_category` will be set for all product types.

> Batch size for `catalogsearch_fulltext` can be set different parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch size for `catalogsearch_fulltext` can be set using different parameters.
```

> * `partial_reindex` - represent how many product will be proceeded in partial reindex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `partial_reindex` - represents how many products will be processed in a partial reindex.
```

> * `elastic_save` - represent how many product will be saved as batch into Elastic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `elastic_save` - represents how many products will be saved as a batch into Elasticsearch.
```

> * `mysql_get` - represent how many searchable product will be retrived from Mysql.

Reviewer: Is this needed as MySQL search was removed in 2.4?
```suggestion
* `mysql_get` - represents how many searchable products will be retrieved from Mysql.
```
